Tell 'em Kendrick did it
Ayy, who showed you how to run a blitz? Tell 'em Kendrick did it
Who put the West back in front of shit? Tell 'em Kendrick did it
Ayy, I'm trippin' and I'm lovin' it
Tell 'em Kendrick did it, like, wha-
Hi, have you ever been a joint and you know it?
Have you ever had to flip your unemployment?
On the dead guys, nigga, I ain't goin'
Ayy, on the dead ones
We'll treat an enemigo like some bread crumbs
All of my killers on go, like who said somethin'?
Redrum, all I think about when I see heads come
Do my dance, hit the chop when I see opps go
Let 'em claim it, we the ones who really pop, bro
Don't televise it, we the ones who lettin' chops blow
Opps know, let 'em piss him off and it's a flop show
Murder man, singin' murder music off a murder van
Beat the pussy up like I been celibate and I murder sound
Who is him? One and only shotta, known as murder man
Catch you doin' dirty, it's no other way but murder plans
I broke her heart and you the type to go and fix it
Don't wanna speak if you ain't talkin' 'bout no ticket
I'm bougie with it, but I might just let you kiss it
Hit they block with diamonds on me
You could tell 'em Peysoh did it
Tell 'em Peysoh did it
Ayy, who showed you how to run a blitz? Tell 'em Peysoh did it
Who put the West back in front of shit? Tell 'em Peysoh did it
Ayy, I'm trippin' and I'm lovin' it
Tell 'em Peysoh did it, like, wha-
Hi, have you ever been a joint and you know it?
Have you ever had to flip your unemployment?
On the dead guys, nigga, I ain't goin'
Hop out suicide doors, it's the Hitta, man
You don't wanna see them doors slidin' on the Caravan
I know killers who was catchin' bodies and not one fade
I was thirteen up at Avalon, poppin' chains
Fourteen, ridin' minibikes with some dead friends
Twenty-one, flag on my head like a Taliban
Twenty-five, feelin' like the box, it was full of sand
At the cemetery fucked up, that's where I could've been
142nd, I'm connected like I'm Rosecrans
Kinda shit I seen, try and forget and I will pop a Xan'
Uppin' scores, doin' fouls, sacrifices like a boxing ring
Can't throw in the towel, pistol-packin' since a child
Ayy, like it's Iraq, shooter name Hussein
Ridin' with the dirty blicky, switchy, make a new flame
She said I been a dog all my life, bae, can you change?
True to my religion, Cuban links, more than two chains
Tell 'em Hitta did it
Ayy, who showed you how to run a blitz? Tell 'em Hitta did it
Who put the West back in front of shit? Tell 'em Hitta did it
Ayy, I'm trippin' and I'm lovin' it
It's gettin' down to the wire
Get on my Bob the Builder shit, get down with the pliers
Been comin' back-to-back hits, how this nigga ain't tired?
I'm with some rockstar bitches, they want Lizzie McGuire
I'm switchin' gears, I pop the clutch, I'll send a nigga up
A risk-taker, I'll call you niggas' bluff
If they hangin' out for real, we come deduct
Tuckin' tails, they out of luck
When it's wartime, they hidin' in the cut
Y'all had y'all chance, y'all couldn't do it
I swear I'm comin' worser than y'all baby moms
I'm puttin' niggas through it
They hate to see me doin' it
Meal ticket, I'm pursuin' it
I'm in the field for real, UCLA Bruins
They askin' how I do it, how a young nigga so fluent
I kept my mouth closed and I ain't never leave no witness
D.O.A. up on the scene, tell 'em YoungThreat did it, nigga